## 11028 - swapsort

### Description

**Given an integer sequence, say {6, 1, 3, 4, 5, 2}, can we sort the sequence by keeping swapping the first number with its two neighbors: the second number and the last number ?** 

For example, Swap the first number 6 and with the last number 2 to get {2, 1, 3, 4, 5, 6}, and then swap the first number 2 and the second number 1 to get {1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6}, and we get the sequence sorted.

In **function.h** we define a class called **SwapSort**. A constructor and a member function **show_solutions** are implemented. Your task is to complete the implementation of the following two functions:

\1. **set<State> extend(State s);**
A State is defined as ***using State = vector<int>;***
For some State s, we may extend it by swapping the first number with the second one, or swapping the first number with the last one. Therefore, from State s we may generate two new states, and insert them into a set.

\2. **void solve(int steps);**
This function tries to solve the problem in a number of swaps specified by **steps**. The found solutions are stored in the class member **set<list<State>> _solutions;**

**Notice that, no duplicate states are allowed in a solution.**

You need to implement the two functions in function.cpp

### Input

An integer sequence, separated by spaces. End by EOF.

### Output

The output will be generated by **function.h**



###Reminder: This is a partial judge problem. Therefore, only "function.c" is my design. Special thanks to TAs of the class for the rest of the codes!